Niklaas Neijmeijer
        For my first paired programming session I was partnered with Brendon. In this session we started, tested, and finished the Board and Tile classes of our program. There were two things I didn’t consider at the time that I feel hindered the effectiveness of the session. The first was that, unlike my last time paired programming, I am not working with someone I have coded with for the past seven months, resulting in me making assumptions that delayed our progress. The second thing was that since I do not have eclipse set up on the lab computers, we were using my laptop to code. This meant that when I became co-pilot Brendon had to use a machine he was unfamiliar with, causing more delays. The benefits of the session were that we had someone else to double check any math that was used, and when the pilot encountered a bug, the co-pilot was the one to find the solution. The two major reasons I feel like we accomplished more together than we would have individually were that we could run any changes that relate to other people’s by the partner, rather than unilaterally changing it, and I, personally, am less distractible when working with someone else than I am when working alone.


        For my second paired programming session I was partnered with Kyle. We began working on the controller, though the amount of coding we were able to do was minimal, the primary benefit was comunication. Since we had respectively worked on the view and the networking portions of the project, and the controller was what connected the two of them, we were able to clear up potential misunderstandings, so that after the session was over, we were able to accomplish more than we would have without the session. 


Zang, JiaWei 
I was working in collaboration with Nico Diamaano about to improve the view performance by adding CSS files. During pair programming, we tried a lot of method to access the CSS file, and we did many researches about it. Then we find out by accessing files by File abjects, which will also work on showing the image and reading Json file. Then we added few classes applied into button, background, and font style. And we also fix some issues in the view originally in the code.


I also work with Brandon on Json and some extra work about view, firstly, I did some research and I found that Google have Json library which called "Gson" in java, and I thought to Brandon how to code such as read Json file and write Json file by using Gson. However, somethings is wrong about it, the method I used to access css file is not working for access json file, therefore, we are tried to do external project which just read and write json, and we finally successed, then we create additional package which will holding all json reader and writer which appllied into robot to wait for server and controller finished.